README.md, before:

# bndtools.p2.repo

purpose of this repo is the provisioning of bndtools release additions
* [oomph / eclipse-installer configuration setup links](https://bndtools.org/bndtools.p2.repo/)
* as directly accessible p2 repositories e.g. [https://bndtools.org/bndtools.p2.repo/7.1.0/](https://bndtools.org/bndtools.p2.repo/7.1.0/)

## direct github pages URL for accessing published repo content

Use the following link to goto the hosted version of this repo [github pages  - http://bndtools.org/bndtools.p2.repo](http://bndtools.org/bndtools.p2.repo)

## modify this repository

press on the following link for installation of eclipse ide with this repo checked out for modification

<div><a href="eclipse+installer:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bndtools/bndtools.p2.repo/master/setup/config_ecl-latest_bndtools-p2-repo.setup">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?logo=eclipseide&label=eclipse%20%2B%20bndtools.p2.repo&message=branch%20:%20master&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&labelColor=963508&color=gray"
        alt="eclipse on bndtools.p2.repo branch next" /></a>
</div>

Commit message:

switching to dark mode and adding ruby server

README.md, after:

# bndtools.p2.repo

purpose of this repo is the provisioning of bndtools release additions
* [oomph / eclipse-installer configuration setup links](https://bndtools.org/bndtools.p2.repo/)
* as directly accessible p2 repositories e.g. [https://bndtools.org/bndtools.p2.repo/7.1.0/](https://bndtools.org/bndtools.p2.repo/7.1.0/)

## direct github pages URL for accessing published repo content

Use the following link to goto the hosted version of this repo [github pages  - http://bndtools.org/bndtools.p2.repo](http://bndtools.org/bndtools.p2.repo)


## Local webserver for the site folder

To serve the `site` folder locally on [http://localhost:4001/](http://localhost:4001/), use the included Ruby webserver:

```sh
cd processing
ruby server.rb
```

This requires Ruby (no extra gems needed). Press Ctrl+C to stop the server.

---

## modify this repository

press on the following link for installation of eclipse ide with this repo checked out for modification

<div><a href="eclipse+installer:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bndtools/bndtools.p2.repo/master/setup/config_ecl-latest_bndtools-p2-repo.setup">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?logo=eclipseide&label=eclipse%20%2B%20bndtools.p2.repo&message=branch%20:%20master&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&labelColor=963508&color=gray"
        alt="eclipse on bndtools.p2.repo branch next" /></a>
</div>
